After speaking with professionals from different industries,
we found that many were excited around the idea of sharing their knowledge with others,
and definitely do have the expertise to do so but
feel a little intimidated by the process as they're not
instructors by trade and don't really have the time and resources to get in
an environment setup where courses could be produced
efficiently and distributed out to students.
Our target users are professionals that want to teach students,
but have not taught in an academic setting
and/or are unfamiliar with digital content production.
This would be impacting two sets of users in
our two-sided marketplace, professionals and students.
Professionals could leverage this as a means of extra income or more importantly,
giving back their talents to the world.
Students would now have a higher volume of content to learn from on the platform at
the same quality without being bound to geographical or financial limits.
Having more employees of employers train students on a platform would
put more trust in that particular employer to hire students graduating from Utopia.
This would not replace traditional academia,
but instead compliment it with real-world instruction from professionals in the industry.
This would accelerate our recurring course revenue
with more courses in the door for students to choose from.
What we propose is to build a learning management system for instructors to input,
publish, and manage their written and video content on their own.
Instructors may be limited in acquiring audio and video recording hardware.
But no matter how good the editing,
templating, and counter material is,
if the audio and video content are not up to snuff,
the rest of the course will be perceived as unprofessional.
To account for this,
we could explore setting up a service where instructors could select what equipment they
need and have an automated miller ship it out to them with instructions for setup.
Coding environments like Python, Java,
or SQL workspaces may be required for programming instruction.
However, given that this is an MBP,
it may be unfeasible from an engineering resourcing perspective to build it at this time.
Hence, we could guide instructors to guide students to set criteria of
success to measure the results of their programming exercises and projects.
Given that, our first handful of iterations may not fully capture everything
that is needed for instructors to self-serve content development on a course,
only to run experiments with a batch of
early adopter instructors who are willing to try out
a better product with a little bit more shakiness so
that we get feedback on what's intuitive and what's not.
Initially, course development on the product will be a
little bit more rigid with very defined templates.
This will allow us to expand templating based on
continual instructor demand rather than working inversely,
which is giving free reign for instructors to create content in any format they want,
ultimately creating a less standardized content offering.